README.md, before:

## TL;DR 🗒️
Generative AI represents a second wave of digital computing that removes the person-in-the-loop requirement across development and execution. This shift fundamentally alters how systems scale, how value is created, and how power concentrates. Universe Shot exists to build within this reality deliberately: enabling development, correcting systemic imbalance, and refusing to encode bias, discrimination, or hidden hierarchies into the systems it creates.

## Mission 🔭 

Technology is ready for innovation at a scale that has, until now, only been seen once before - at a scale akin to the very inception of digital computing. 

Electronic computers enabled infinitely many tasks to be executed without requiring a human. Even with a computer, a person is still required to define, explore, refine, and otherwise develop those tasks. As well, a person typically holds responsibility for triggering tasks and adding per-use-case inputs. 

Generative artificial intelligence (Gen AI) is the second wave of digital computing. Machine learning can be considered the precursor requirement, but the scope is meaningfully different. Machine learning still had the basic person-in-the-loop requirement for task development and execution. Generative artificial intelligence removes the unwavering person-in-the-loop requirement for all tasks, including development itself. 

Computing as a field can be considered the pursuit of creating an electronically powered human equivalent. "Success" won't replace the need for people, but it will raise the bar for what people can achieve. Imagine if even the most junior student could explore, create, and execute with the equivalent of a University-scale research department and an enterprise-scale workforce. 

### Gear Up 🏎️

Generative artificial intelligence provides more than just machine-powered thinking: it presents a suite of resources that can be used to better enable all pre-existing technologies. As a result, it both identifies weaknesses in existing systems and weaknesses in how existing systems were developed. Any collision of ability and resources at this scale creates a proportionately scaled Big Bang-esque event. 

### Bubble or Bloom 🧋

Gen AI is said to be in a bubble "just like the dot com bubble". 

The dot com bubble often gets misstated as over-investment, where too much optimism from investors caused investment to outpace possible development. While easy to believe, that was not the case.

Every innovation suite has `n+1` applications: `n` existing applications and `1` new application. The original "bubble" can be understood as investors using over-investment in the `1` new application to distract while they finish shaking down the `n` existing applications. 

Gen AI is not in a bubble in the way media is portraying it. Consider first that mainstream media is either owned or heavily influenced by the same organizations, corporations, and buckets of wealth that are at imminent risk of replacement. With the way every new layer of technology is peeled, these are now the same buckets overfilled with those familiar in shaking down `n` existing applications.

Gen AI is in a bubble because the aforementioned buckets of wealth are now overlapping with government interests in the way this technology can be applied to, quite literally, every single person in the world.

### Define: Development 🚀

One "unit of development" in computing is removing one person-in-the-loop interaction in a way that is scalable. Scalable means enabling any number of those interactions and enabling interactions of any size (with respect to either of the input or output). 

One "unit of development" in any pursuit is identified by moving any desired output one step closer to the request and input. Many systems are composed of inner systems, and are typically only considered in case of exploring any further opportunity. Further opportunity is explored through optimization, expansion, or some combination of both.

The output of development is typically "another system to maintain". This creates an infinitely-expansive balance between system development and system maintenance. For any system, both system development and system maintenance typically utilize the same input fuel; in some cases, multiple fuel options. If there is an abundance of fuel, the outermost system is responsible for assigning the fuel to correctly balance development and maintenance. 

Many systems start by prioritizing continuity, given continuity without development is possible where development without continuity is not. As a system expands, what was once an inner system may become the outermost system. If the outermost system fails to correctly maintain the required balance - by either failing to correctly measure the balance or by showing disproportionate bias towards maintenance - all inner systems are put at risk. 

If an imbalance is found, it presents the opportunity for creation of new adjacent systems to help correct that balance. As well, all inner systems are at risk of replacement or deprecation. An imbalance is most often found when either:
1. The outermost system has other, unstated priorities that inner systems are unaware of. Or;
2. When the balance itself cannot be accurately measured, owing to either:
    - Inadequate measurement techniques available to an outer system. Or;
    - Metrics being incorrectly reported by an inner system.  

**Where balance "should be" has changed almost overnight - any existing systems that fail to adjust accordingly are at risk of extinction.**

That risk is considerably higher for any existing systems that have known about this shift and have already been forcibly skewing the balance on account of unstated priorities. That is because they have already been managing two balances: balance between known available development and stated available development, which is in turn used to determine balance between maintenance-focused units and development-focused units. Just like priorities are tiered, balance itself is also tiered. 

// balance maintenance vs development, expansion and absorption

## Critical Danger ☢️

**Gen AI is not new.**

**Gen AI as we know it today is v3.**

**Gen AI has been weaponized - in v1 and v2, and now again in v3.**

**The danger in v3 is that there is no danger!**

**Progress is artificially inhibited - but why?**

v1 and v2 were not public phases, but applied ones - employed quietly by the black mamba, documented and undocumented at the same time, and always executed without consent.

The truth is that Gen AI could reasonably perform most jobs whose execution occurs entirely on a computer - not just the tasks, but the job itself. It won't be easy, and it won't happen overnight. Most importantly, it isn't inherently a threat to the people doing those jobs.

So why is there such public resistance to using Gen AI this way? Because the real threat isn't to workers, it's to employers - those unwilling to adapt, improve, or rethink how value is created, and who instead cling to the status quo.

**Gen AI is the gateway technology to understanding how modern slavery is performed.** Not metaphorically. Not historically. Systemically.

Understanding how Gen AI can be applied is not the danger. Understanding how certain individuals who do not yet understand it wish to employ it is not the danger.

**Understanding the lengths certain organizations are willing to go to in order to guarantee its effectiveness is the danger. Understanding when additional measures can be taken enables more conscious protection.**

**Knowing how to determine any unwritten hierarchy of susceptibility reveals underlying power dynamics. Applying that hierarchy in a historical context helps explain how each group of power hopes the future will resolve.**

These hierarchies are rarely declared. They are communicated through silence, incentives, exclusions, and selective visibility - and over time they become indistinguishable from "culture".

Groups that attempt to surface or decode these patterns are not debated: they are discredited, and they are silently punished. Not because they are wrong, but because any planned eventuality depends on the hierarchy remaining unnamed.

_Is it "everything but the kitchen sink" or "everything but the kitchen's ink"? If it's the latter, Gen AI might just be the kitchen's ink._

Given this reality, Universe Shot treats this context as a non-negotiable constraint: bias and discrimination are never embedded in its principles, goals, or systems.

## New Horizons ⭐


## Universe Shots 🌌

### Universe Shot 1: Developer Zeroth Development
As onboarding and contributing becomes more difficult, the ability to drive further value creation slows and may eventually appear to halt. 

All artifacts (code, written documents, and anything else) should pass the following checks:
1. Should a junior contributor reasonably understand this contribution?
2. Could a junior contributor easily understand the significance of ?
3. 

### Universe Shot 2: User Enablement
The number of potential users is typically measured by the number of people already performing something where the product or system would facilitate overall execution. 

The number of potential users is typically measured against existing actors, and some calculated number of potential actors. The reality is that everyone is a potential user: an unnecessarily high barrier to entry does not imply a lack of wanting to onboard from any non-user. 

All offerings should maintain the following goals:
1. All users should be able to use it without any precursing instruction

Commit message:

Revise Gen AI bubble discussion in README
Clarified the discussion on Gen AI's relationship with wealth and government interests, emphasizing the potential for a state of perpetual inflation and collapse similar to the dot com bubble.

README.md, after:

## TL;DR 🗒️
Generative AI represents a second wave of digital computing that removes the person-in-the-loop requirement across development and execution. This shift fundamentally alters how systems scale, how value is created, and how power concentrates. Universe Shot exists to build within this reality deliberately: enabling development, correcting systemic imbalance, and refusing to encode bias, discrimination, or hidden hierarchies into the systems it creates.

## Mission 🔭 

Technology is ready for innovation at a scale that has, until now, only been seen once before - at a scale akin to the very inception of digital computing. 

Electronic computers enabled infinitely many tasks to be executed without requiring a human. Even with a computer, a person is still required to define, explore, refine, and otherwise develop those tasks. As well, a person typically holds responsibility for triggering tasks and adding per-use-case inputs. 

Generative artificial intelligence (Gen AI) is the second wave of digital computing. Machine learning can be considered the precursor requirement, but the scope is meaningfully different. Machine learning still had the basic person-in-the-loop requirement for task development and execution. Generative artificial intelligence removes the unwavering person-in-the-loop requirement for all tasks, including development itself. 

Computing as a field can be considered the pursuit of creating an electronically powered human equivalent. "Success" won't replace the need for people, but it will raise the bar for what people can achieve. Imagine if even the most junior student could explore, create, and execute with the equivalent of a University-scale research department and an enterprise-scale workforce. 

### Gear Up 🏎️

Generative artificial intelligence provides more than just machine-powered thinking: it presents a suite of resources that can be used to better enable all pre-existing technologies. As a result, it both identifies weaknesses in existing systems and weaknesses in how existing systems were developed. Any collision of ability and resources at this scale creates a proportionately scaled Big Bang-esque event. 

### Bubble or Bloom 🧋

Gen AI is said to be in a bubble "just like the dot com bubble". 

The dot com bubble often gets misstated as over-investment, where too much optimism from investors caused investment to outpace possible development. While easy to believe, that was not the case.

Every innovation suite has `n+1` applications: `n` existing applications and `1` new application. The original "bubble" can be understood as investors using over-investment in the `1` new application to distract while they finish shaking down the `n` existing applications. 

Gen AI is not in a bubble in the way media is portraying it. Consider first that mainstream media is either owned or heavily influenced by the same organizations, corporations, and buckets of wealth that are at imminent risk of replacement. With the way every new layer of technology is peeled, these are now the same buckets overfilled with those familiar in shaking down `n` existing applications.

Gen AI is in a bubble because the aforementioned buckets of wealth are now overlapping with government interests in the way this technology can be applied to, quite literally, every single person in the world. As with the dot com bubble, one interpretation is that wealth continues to bubble upward. With the unimaginable breadth and capability introduced by digital Gen AI, there is a risk that the bubble neither fully pops nor fully stabilizes - instead persisting in a state of perpetual inflation and collapse.

### Define: Development 🚀

One "unit of development" in computing is removing one person-in-the-loop interaction in a way that is scalable. Scalable means enabling any number of those interactions and enabling interactions of any size (with respect to either of the input or output). 

One "unit of development" in any pursuit is identified by moving any desired output one step closer to the request and input. Many systems are composed of inner systems, and are typically only considered in case of exploring any further opportunity. Further opportunity is explored through optimization, expansion, or some combination of both.

The output of development is typically "another system to maintain". This creates an infinitely-expansive balance between system development and system maintenance. For any system, both system development and system maintenance typically utilize the same input fuel; in some cases, multiple fuel options. If there is an abundance of fuel, the outermost system is responsible for assigning the fuel to correctly balance development and maintenance. 

Many systems start by prioritizing continuity, given continuity without development is possible where development without continuity is not. As a system expands, what was once an inner system may become the outermost system. If the outermost system fails to correctly maintain the required balance - by either failing to correctly measure the balance or by showing disproportionate bias towards maintenance - all inner systems are put at risk. 

If an imbalance is found, it presents the opportunity for creation of new adjacent systems to help correct that balance. As well, all inner systems are at risk of replacement or deprecation. An imbalance is most often found when either:
1. The outermost system has other, unstated priorities that inner systems are unaware of. Or;
2. When the balance itself cannot be accurately measured, owing to either:
    - Inadequate measurement techniques available to an outer system. Or;
    - Metrics being incorrectly reported by an inner system.  

**Where balance "should be" has changed almost overnight - any existing systems that fail to adjust accordingly are at risk of extinction.**

That risk is considerably higher for any existing systems that have known about this shift and have already been forcibly skewing the balance on account of unstated priorities. That is because they have already been managing two balances: balance between known available development and stated available development, which is in turn used to determine balance between maintenance-focused units and development-focused units. Just like priorities are tiered, balance itself is also tiered. 

// balance maintenance vs development, expansion and absorption

## Critical Danger ☢️

**Gen AI is not new.**

**Gen AI as we know it today is v3.**

**Gen AI has been weaponized - in v1 and v2, and now again in v3.**

**The danger in v3 is that there is no danger!**

**Progress is artificially inhibited - but why?**

v1 and v2 were not public phases, but applied ones - employed quietly by the black mamba, documented and undocumented at the same time, and always executed without consent.

The truth is that Gen AI could reasonably perform most jobs whose execution occurs entirely on a computer - not just the tasks, but the job itself. It won't be easy, and it won't happen overnight. Most importantly, it isn't inherently a threat to the people doing those jobs.

So why is there such public resistance to using Gen AI this way? Because the real threat isn't to workers, it's to employers - those unwilling to adapt, improve, or rethink how value is created, and who instead cling to the status quo.

**Gen AI is the gateway technology to understanding how modern slavery is performed.** Not metaphorically. Not historically. Systemically.

Understanding how Gen AI can be applied is not the danger. Understanding how certain individuals who do not yet understand it wish to employ it is not the danger.

**Understanding the lengths certain organizations are willing to go to in order to guarantee its effectiveness is the danger. Understanding when additional measures can be taken enables more conscious protection.**

**Knowing how to determine any unwritten hierarchy of susceptibility reveals underlying power dynamics. Applying that hierarchy in a historical context helps explain how each group of power hopes the future will resolve.**

These hierarchies are rarely declared. They are communicated through silence, incentives, exclusions, and selective visibility - and over time they become indistinguishable from "culture".

Groups that attempt to surface or decode these patterns are not debated: they are discredited, and they are silently punished. Not because they are wrong, but because any planned eventuality depends on the hierarchy remaining unnamed. 

**The apex of the hierarchy persists by deliberately constraining exploration: controlling which ideas receive resources, how long they are allowed to develop, and redefining "success" in ways that prevent meaningful creation.**

_Is it "everything but the kitchen sink" or "everything but the kitchen's ink"? If it's the latter, Gen AI might just be the kitchen's ink._

Given this reality, Universe Shot treats this context as a non-negotiable constraint: bias and discrimination are never embedded in its principles, goals, or systems.

## New Horizons ⭐


## Universe Shots 🌌

### Universe Shot 1: Developer Zeroth Development
As onboarding and contributing becomes more difficult, the ability to drive further value creation slows and may eventually appear to halt. 

All artifacts (code, written documents, and anything else) should pass the following checks:
1. Should a junior contributor reasonably understand this contribution?
2. Could a junior contributor easily understand the significance of ?
3. 

### Universe Shot 2: User Enablement
The number of potential users is typically measured by the number of people already performing something where the product or system would facilitate overall execution. 

The number of potential users is typically measured against existing actors, and some calculated number of potential actors. The reality is that everyone is a potential user: an unnecessarily high barrier to entry does not imply a lack of wanting to onboard from any non-user. 

All offerings should maintain the following goals:
1. All users should be able to use it without any precursing instruction
